---
title:  "Angel Investing"
layout: single
classes: wide
permalink: /99T/
author_profile: true
comments: true
feature_row:
gallery:
  - url: /assets/sova_sage_logo.png
    image_path: /assets/sova_sage_logo.png
    alt: "sovaSage"
    title: "sovaSage"
  - url: /assets/Vigilant_Ops_Logo.png
    image_path: /assets/Vigilant_Ops_Logo.png
    alt: "Vigilant Ops"
    title: "Vigilant Ops"
  - url: /assets/Module_Logo.png
    image_path: /assets/Module_Logo.png
    alt: "Module"
    title: "Module"
---
#### Angel Investing
I operate as an angel investor through a private syndicate of Carnegie Mellon University alumni who invest in alumni-founded startups. With regard to alternative investments in venture capital, my personal investment objective is three-fold. First, to generate strong returns on invested capital by focusing on innovative and disruptive startups in the pre-seed through Series A stage of development. Second, to utilize capitalism as an agent of good virtue. This is why all of my portfolio companies have mission-driven value propositions that can positively impact society. Third, to help support the entrepreneurial ecosystem at Carnegie Mellon University, a place which completely changed my life. If you are a fellow Carnegie Mellon alumnus who has founded an early-stage venture and are in search of funding, are looking for guidance or advice, or would like an introduction to the resources available at Carnegie Mellon, please reach out to me via LinkedIn.

#### Investment Criteria
My minimum criteria for investment consideration include, but are not limited to:
1. a CMU founder or co-founder with significant equity
2. an open round with a committment from an institutional VC
3. a term sheet that has been negotiated by the VC
4. incorporation in the United States
5. existing revenue, letters of intent, or other proof of product-market fit

Successful companies are typically those with a strong management team, a scalable product or service, and a large addressable market. Prior institutional investors, strategic investors, value-added partnerships, and Board members or advisors with industry experience are usually a plus. During the due diligence phase, I will typically request an updated pitch deck, a copy of the lead investor's term sheet, historical company financials, pro forma financials, a cap table, copies of letters of intent, and details regarding any patents registered with the patent and trademark office, along with any licensing agreements on intellectual property.

#### How I Invest
My angel investments are usually syndicated through an SPV and take the form of a SAFE, convertible note, or preferred stock. I do not lead rounds and I am unlikely to consider direct investments outside of the angel syndicate model.

#### Portfolio Companies
Below are my existing portfolio companies. These ventures are tremendous examples of the entreprenurial spirit and capacity for innovation in the Greater Pittsburgh region and within the Carnegie Mellon alumni community.

{% include gallery %}
